Composer is a tool to manage your project dependencies, for example, the lateral framework is the
dependency of your project.
But Laravel also depends on some other third party libraries.
And to install them, it uses composer.
You would like to install composer globally, not only you would be able to manage a specific project
dependencies, additionally, you will be able to create new projects using it.
Fortunately, that's easy on Windows.
Go to the Windows installation instructions.
And download the composer installer and run it.
You might be asked to point to the binary, make sure you point to the example one we've just installed,
if you've never installed BHB before, that should be the default choice.
Anyway, keep confirming with next until done.
Then restart the terminal application if it is running.
Finally, inside the terminal type composer dash uppercase V, that's important, it has to be upper
case and you should see the composer version, which also proves it's installed correctly and works
globally.